[Music]
under under worse circumstances
hurricane sandy that was a tough time
and you and Bruce Springstein he did a
benefit concert I think maybe like a
month later and we're reunited again
some night you're reunited again tonight
and it feels so good how's everything
how are you doing I heard you wrote an
autobiography I'm calling it a journey a
journey yeah because I felt like a
memoir sounded like I was gonna die
tomorrow right yeah yeah yeah the word
memoir does have to be old that have a
memoir yeah I'm not even approached in
that space so a journey because we're
all on our journey you know it is a
journey what is the title of your
journey the title of my current journey
is more myself more myself why more
yourself because I think there were well
I am definitely looking and I've been on
a journey to discover more of who I am
and how to be more authentically Who I
am without kind of worrying about what
other people think or changing because
other people might like it better just
be you figure it out on your own or you
learned it from others I think that's
been a mixture you know I think a lot of
times we learn a lot of things from what
we don't want anymore you know and then
and then you can realize I don't want
that I want more of this so I think
partially it's what I've learned from
others and and definitely
Enlightenment's when you're like how
about those times when you're like why
did I do that again again I'm gonna do
that again you know so those pieces that
just really make me and and and the myth
in the book is really about the
experience and just growing and because
becoming more aware of Who I am you have
a good memory or do you have to consult
others as far as like hey what happened
that time we went and did this I make
sure
I have really good mind memories I'm
like I know this happened in second with
some of them I do you remember like that
and they're like no I remember like this
and I'm like no it didn't happen like
that it was which is so interesting
about memories no yeah all right sure
everybody does Oh kind of recollections
of what happens but what I love about
this book is I think my point is is that
it's we're all on a journey and so how
do you find your way to your authentic
self and I think it's just a question
we're all looking for the answer do you
remember the first time you heard one of
your records on the radio yes when was
it it was like right at the beginning
when I was still very terrified to hear
any of my music anywhere out loud
oh really um there is a moment where you
feel terrified to hear your music out
loud and and so it was the very first
time it was a song called girlfriend
which came right before falling and I
was on the BQE and I was driving in my
Mazda 626
yo this is big um and it was gold ish
and I had on hot 97 and Funkmaster
Flex's on
[Applause]
nobody can tell me they remember
anything different cuz I was the only
one in the car and so and so all of a
sudden you know flex drops all the bombs
and he's like no Alicia Keith and I was
like and I for sure almost round right
and so there was like a lot of those
orange things caution construction which
is always on the BQE they put those
there in case someone hears their song
for the first time definitely almost a
wreck but I made it I caught it I'm a
really good driver six to six months ago
boom so you are part of this big Title X
concert tonight he had Barclays and this
is the benefit Rock the Vote it is which
is important voting these people should
do it we got to do it yes always sold
out correct it is sold out what accept
accept I reserved some tickets for a few
friends okay and I was wondering if
y'all
[Applause]
so here's what we're gonna do
for barclays we're either going to walk
and we're all going to jump into nuber
I'm not sure with Alicia Keys our new
single will show me live with
[Applause]
at Barclays Center if you liked that
video click the subscribe button but
only if you're ready for commitment